we're at the expo here in Kona here with
Michael Zelman from SRAM he's he's given
lava magazine a first look at a new
product for triathlon particularly with
the break mica lunch tell us a little
bit about what you got coming up here
all right SRAM continues its you know
it's moving of joy or you know product
choice line we offer three shift levers
and now we have three brake levers and
this is one of our arrow brake levers
called the 9090 brand new product and so
we have the 500 made out of aluminum
together 900 made out of carbon and this
is also a carbon lever called the 990
arrow
break leverage so what the what the the
fact is on this is that with a lot of
integrated brakes on a lot of the new
bikes brake adjustment is really really
difficult to manage you know it takes a
lot of time and effort but what you have
here is a 2 mil allen key you loosen
that up and you could spin the brake
lever and what you get is 8 mil of
adjustment on the brakes so as I spin
this the brake can move in and out give
you a quick simple easy adjustment on
your brakes and then you just put it
back tighten it up and you're good to go
cool this has been a I guess a product
of talking to a lot of your Pro Tour
athletes and triathletes as well
absolutely we always work with our with
our pro teams and our pro athletes and
this came out of Europe a lot of
suggestion you know those guys working a
lot of time trial bikes in terms of the
the Pro Tour teams and then a lot of the
you know the the Aero you know the TT
bikes for a lot of our pro triathletes
so a lot and like I said with a lot of
integrated brakes brake adjustments are
timely and did or you know take a little
bit of time and are sometimes
challenging yeah yeah a lot of these
guys don't have a lot of time especially
they're working on 10 20 bikes and
evening you know make minor adjustments
and you have different wheel widths and
so your training wheels might be
different from your you know your race
wheels and things like that you can make
that adjustment real quick here you
don't have to loosen cable or anything
like that
excellent tell us when they're gonna be
available and what they'll be pricing
out pricing will be around 120 bucks for
a set oh that's like I said pull carbon
when a light is made probably one of the
first carbon if not the first carbon
brake lever
under $20 approximately and available in
January be in production Jani was so
available shortly after that okay cool
all right Michael thank you for the for
the first look thanks Jake